.\" verbatim start and end macros.
.de Vb
.ft CW
.ps -1
.vs -1
.nf
.in +4n
.eo
..
.de Ve
.ft R
.ps
.vs
.fi
.in
.ec
..
.
.TH riscosehack 1
.
.SH NAME
.
.B riscosehack \(em a guide to riscose's source code
.
.SH ABSTRACT
.
.B riscose
is a fledging project, still feeling its way around.
It pulls together source from several other projects, including
.BR OSLib ,
and
.BR ARMulator ,
and configures and builds them under a single
.BR automake / autoconf
interface.
.BR riscose 's
internal architecture, the organisation of the source and coding
conventions, and the way it is configured and built are intended to be
described in this man page.
.
.SH NOTES
.
For the moment, there are just a series of notes in random order.
.
.SS A Tour de Source
.
util contains support files for the
.BR autoconf / automake
programs.
.
.P
tests' contents are used during a `make check'.
If a problem with
.BR arcem 's
disc image accessing is solved, the checks will be run under
.B arcem
too.
.
.P
src/monty is a library of general purpose routines,
.RB non- riscose
specific.
.
.P
src/include/arm.h defines the interface to which all three ARM processor
implementations, src/armul, src/sleeve, and src/native, conform.
armul is based on ARM's
.B ARMulator
with the ARM 6 support removed.
sleeve was intended to be a fast emulation by the late Chris Rutter.
native, by Phil Blundell, is of use on Linux/ARM systems where the host
ARM processor can be used.
.
.P
src/include contains miscellaneous C include files.
I'd like to see them moved to the same directory as the C source they
accompany and the include directory removed.
.
.P
src/defmod is taken from
.BR OSLib .
It builds defmod which produces a variety of C source from an OSLib
definition file.
These have the suffix `.osl' and are found in src/osapi.
.
.SH BUGS
.
This man page is very incomplete.
.
.SH SEE ALSO
.
.BR riscose (1).
